Clarify when private actions can be referenced directly (#43969)
github/docs: content/actions/reference/workflows-and-actions/workflow-syntax.md

### Example: Using an action inside a different private repository than the workflow

> If the action is in an internal repository, or in a private repository configured to allow access from your workflow's repository, you can reference the action directly. For more information, see [AUTOTITLE](/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#allowing-access-to-components-in-an-internal-repository) and [AUTOTITLE](/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#allowing-access-to-components-in-a-private-repository).

Reviewer: @Sharra-writes `Internal` doesn't exist in fpt -- this should have some sort of guard.

> If the action is in an internal repository, or in a private repository that's configured to allow access from your workflow's repository, you can reference the action directly. For more information, see [Allowing access to components in an internal repository](/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#allowing-access-to-components-in-an-internal-repository) and [Allowing access to components in a private repository](/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#allowing-access-to-components-in-a-private-repository).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the action is in an internal repository, or in a private repository configured to allow access from your workflow's repository, you can reference the action directly. For more information, see [AUTOTITLE](/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#allowing-access-to-components-in-an-internal-repository) and [AUTOTITLE](/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/enabling-features-for-your-repository/managing-github-actions-settings-for-a-repository#allowing-access-to-components-in-a-private-repository).
```

> The following example shows one way to use an action from a different private repository when you need to check out the repository and reference the action locally. Generate a {% data variables.product.pat_generic %} and add the token as a secret. For more information, see [AUTOTITLE](/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token) and [AUTOTITLE](/actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions).

Reviewer 2: This is jumping subjects pretty abruptly with no transition. Can you let me know if this revision makes sense? (I'm a writer not an expert in this.)

```suggestion
If the action isn't in a repository configured to allow access, you need to check out the repository and reference the action locally. Generate a {% data variables.product.pat_generic %} and add the token as a secret. The following example shows this method for referencing an action. For more information, see [AUTOTITLE](/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token) and [AUTOTITLE](/actions/security-guides/using-secrets-in-github-actions).
```
